README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Single price grid component solution

This is a solution to the [Single price grid component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/single-price-grid-component-5ce41129d0ff452fec5abbbc). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [Validated with](#validated-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the component depending on their device's screen size
- See a hover state on desktop for the Sign Up call-to-action

### Screenshot

![Screenshot](https://github.com/MarcHowe/fem-single-price-grid/blob/main/images/screenshot.jpg)

### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: https://marchowe-fem-singlepricegrid.pages.dev/

## My process

I started by reading the README file and viewing the images of the desired page. I thought about the three areas 'Join our community', 'Monthy Subscription' and 'Why Us' and how they'll need to move along with the responsive design. I had viewed a recent YouTube video where Flexbox was used and decided to research this as I was building the structure in html. Once this was complete, I focused on the styling, fonts and colours (not noticing the style-guide I will admit) and finally the button and final small touches. 

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox

### Validated with

- https://validator.w3.org

### What I learned

This was my first challenge after many years away from learning a little bit of html, css and javascript, and I stumbled across this watching a few YouTube video's by [CoderCoder](https://www.youtube.com/c/TheCoderCoder). 

Jump-starting the old brain cells, I was able to remember or quickly research basic html tags to get the right elements together, but I needed to research Flexbox and CSS Grid a little, which allowed me to create the responsive requirements. 
I had a little trouble with the button which actually brought me to media queries - perhaps I could have used this earlier - but enabled me to create the button hover affect only when the browser width has been adjusted to something larger than a mobile device. 
I instintively started to develop desktop first, rather than mobile first but realised soon after and changed my approach. 
Finally, once I had learnt how to upload to my GitHub repository and publish to Cloudflare Pages, I ran the site through a w3.org validator which alerted me to a couple of typo's I hadn't seen and another error, related to the fact I had nested a <button> inside an <a>, which is not valid html, even though it works fine, and the recommendation is to wrap a <form> around <button> instead. 

All in it took two full evenings, including setting up VS Code, GitHub, re-learning Git and publishing the challenge. 

### Continued development

This was an interesting personal challenge and I'm looking forward to the next challenge on html and css before stepping into Javascript (once again).

### Useful resources

- [CoderCoder](https://www.youtube.com/c/TheCoderCoder) - Great resource for learning front-end webdev, put me onto this challenge and will no doubt view more of her content soon. 
- [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6393827/can-i-nest-a-button-element-inside-an-a-using-html5) - This specific resource helped me with the button link not being compliant, but used several other times when looking for answers. 
- [CSS Tricks - Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/) - Great guide on Flexbox

## Author

- Website - [Marc Howe](https://www.mjhcloud.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [@MarcHowe](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/MarcHowe)
- Twitter - [@MarcHowe83](https://www.twitter.com/MarcHowe83)

Commit message:

Updated readme, added w2schools.com to useful resources

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Single price grid component solution

This is a solution to the [Single price grid component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/single-price-grid-component-5ce41129d0ff452fec5abbbc). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [Validated with](#validated-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the component depending on their device's screen size
- See a hover state on desktop for the Sign Up call-to-action

### Screenshot

![Screenshot](https://github.com/MarcHowe/fem-single-price-grid/blob/main/images/screenshot.jpg)

### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: https://marchowe-fem-singlepricegrid.pages.dev/

## My process

I started by reading the README file and viewing the images of the desired page. I thought about the three areas 'Join our community', 'Monthy Subscription' and 'Why Us' and how they'll need to move along with the responsive design. I had viewed a recent YouTube video where Flexbox was used and decided to research this as I was building the structure in html. Once this was complete, I focused on the styling, fonts and colours (not noticing the style-guide I will admit) and finally the button and final small touches. 

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox

### Validated with

- https://validator.w3.org

### What I learned

This was my first challenge after many years away from learning a little bit of html, css and javascript, and I stumbled across this watching a few YouTube video's by [CoderCoder](https://www.youtube.com/c/TheCoderCoder). 

Jump-starting the old brain cells, I was able to remember or quickly research basic html tags to get the right elements together, but I needed to research Flexbox and CSS Grid a little, which allowed me to create the responsive requirements. 
I had a little trouble with the button which actually brought me to media queries - perhaps I could have used this earlier - but enabled me to create the button hover affect only when the browser width has been adjusted to something larger than a mobile device. 
I instintively started to develop desktop first, rather than mobile first but realised soon after and changed my approach. 
Finally, once I had learnt how to upload to my GitHub repository and publish to Cloudflare Pages, I ran the site through a w3.org validator which alerted me to a couple of typo's I hadn't seen and another error, related to the fact I had nested a <button> inside an <a>, which is not valid html, even though it works fine, and the recommendation is to wrap a <form> around <button> instead. 

All in it took two full evenings, including setting up VS Code, GitHub, re-learning Git and publishing the challenge. 

### Continued development

This was an interesting personal challenge and I'm looking forward to the next challenge on html and css before stepping into Javascript (once again).

### Useful resources

- [CoderCoder](https://www.youtube.com/c/TheCoderCoder) - Great resource for learning front-end webdev, put me onto this challenge and will no doubt view more of her content soon. 
- [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6393827/can-i-nest-a-button-element-inside-an-a-using-html5) - This specific resource helped me with the button link not being compliant, but used several other times when looking for answers. 
- [CSS Tricks - Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/) - Great guide on Flexbox
- [w3schools.com](https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_buttons.asp) - Useful information on styling buttons, and other CSS information was viewed on this site for the project. 

## Author

- Website - [Marc Howe](https://www.mjhcloud.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [@MarcHowe](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/MarcHowe)
- Twitter - [@MarcHowe83](https://www.twitter.com/MarcHowe83)
